
What is needed for MVP, part II ? 
1) Login and Registration via meta_server.js as API.
   
    A) Can create new user 
    B) Existing User can login 
    C) The  'forgot password' feature should work but, needs to be checked again after google SMTP credentials/configurations are fixed.
    D) It is currently styled exactly like the 'web portal'. That may be ok or we may want to alter it.

  
2) The Tool 
  A) What user deliverables are produced? 
    1) They can create a scene with their branding image applied to either vehicles or billboards.
    2) They can then download an image of the current scene.
    3) They can email the scene to someone. 

  B) What features of the tool are there to create this scene? 
    1) Can create a scene with any combination of 'Ad Types' such as 'billboard' or 'vehicles'.
    2) Each individual surface of these 'ad type models' can be edited by adding an image.
      i. The image can be edited in the 'Image Editor' by cropping, adding filters, etc. 
      ii. The image can be scaled in size on the surface of the model. 
      iii. The image can be positioned horizontally on the surface.
      iv. The image can be positioned vertically on the surface.
    3) The 'ad type models' can be positioned both along the X and Z axis, ie. back and forward, left to right.
      They can also rotate on the Y axis. 

    4) Tool behavior:
      There are certain ways the tool behaves that a user would intuitively expect.
      i. The selection panel for modifying the model automatically is bound to the currently selected model.
        It can be hidden or shown by the user by toggling the gear icon. 
      ii. The camera automatically focuses on the selected model and follows it as the user changes its position. 
      iii. Once the user has everything positioned and graphically designed , they can move the view and focus of 
      the camera to get the camera angle they want for the 'shot' or screen capture.
      iv. When the user changes between 'ad types' ie. billboards and vehicles, the sidebar selection illustration and buttons change as well. 
      v. The user can 'undo' and 'redo' most of their actions. ie. adding a model, adding an image.
          However, there are some actions that have not yet been added to this 'redo/undo' functionality.
          For example, any of the 'actions' in the selection panel ie. positioning, rotating the model, or editing the image on the model surface. 

    5) Other features:
      i. The user can download the current view on screen as a jpeg image. 
      ii. The user can save their current settings for the design including a history of 'undo/redo' actions, images used, and any thumbnail screenshots that were taken.
      iii. The user can email the current screen to someone via the share button. 


    6) Features that will likely be desired in future versions or for this MVP. 
        - larger selection of models for ad types. 
        - greater tracking of user 'undo/redo' actions. 
        - Ability to add,remove, position, 'non-ad-type' models.
        - ability to animate 'ad-type scene and export as short movie clip. 
        - greater control over environmental aspects. ie. light sources, light positioning, materials on 'non-ad-type' models. 
        - the ability to import a previously created scene and continue working on it. 
           As well as, the ability to scroll through a list of previously created designs,
        - The ability to export higher quality versions of 'all' screenshots. 
        - The ability to share on social media. 
       


Additional Existing Features: 
  - The user can change between 'environment/scenes' 
  - The user can add a 'Rain' particle emitter.


Additional Future Improvements:
  - a greater selection of 'environments' to choose from.
  - more control over the particle emitter. 



  
      